Add alt text (#21695)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/find/find/index.md

        For example, consider part of a web page that looks like this:

>         ![](rects-1.png,alt="Image showing a website with text that reads "this domain is established to be used for illustrative examples in documents. You may use this domain in examples without prior coordination or asking for permission. More information."")If you search for "You may", the match needs to be described by two rectangles:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ![Text reading "this domain is established to be used for illustrative examples in documents. You may use this domain in examples without prior coordination or asking for permission." and a "More information" link.](rects-1.png)
        
 If you search for "You may", the match needs to be described by two rectangles:
```

Put the alt text between the brackets:
`![<description>](imageSrc)`

The screen reader announces that its an image and the spider knows it's an `<img>`, so you can leave off the "image showing" part. The preceding paraphrase says it's a website, so including just the text shown in the image suffices.

>         ![](rects-2.png, alt="Image showing a website with text that reads "this domain is established to be used for illustrative examples in documents. You may use this domain in examples without prior coordination or asking for permission. More information". The words "you may" are highlighted in green.")In this case, in the `RectData` that describes this match, `rectsAndTexts.rectList` and `rectsAndTexts.textList` will each have 2 items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ![This domain is established to be used for illustrative examples in documents. You may use this domain in examples without prior coordination or asking for permission.". The words "you may" are highlighted.](rects-2.png)

In this case, in the `RectData` that describes this match, `rectsAndTexts.rectList` and `rectsAndTexts.textList` will each have 2 items.
```

In this example the extension uses `rectData` to "redact" the matches, by adding black DIVs over the top of their bounding rectangles:

> ![](redacted.png, alt="Image of three search results with black boxes redacting portions of the page.")Note that in many ways this is a poor way to redact pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Three search results with some texted redacted by black rectangles.](redacted.png)

Note that in many ways this is a poor way to redact pages.
```
